Hyoga-sama...
Are you all right, Senku?
Yeah, I'm in ten billion
percent perfect shape.
Although it would have been bad if it
was the first time I'd been speared.
Our training together paid off, Kinro.
All right, let's go ahead
and kill this Hyoga bastard!
Killing people is bad.
Why is that always your first thought, Magma?
How long are we going to
keep them captive, though?
Until the day we bring
civilization back to the world.
Once we have a scientific civilization,
Hyoga won't be anywhere near the strongest.
People can hold trials or
whatever else they need to do.
I have no interest in any of that.
I'm just a science person.
It's finally over.
All of it.
What are you talking about?
It's the opposite.
We're just getting started.
We're all going to work together
to build a kingdom of science
in this stone world from scratch.
What the hell is this?!
Don't just stand there.
Do some work.
We're building science facilities!
Iron forges and glassblowing stoves!
We're even going to build a power generator!
Some of you must have the fuzzy sickness.
Glasses will save you.
We have ramen in the science kingdom, too!
I think that's the last piece.
There are quite a few missing parts, though.
Can it regenerate all these broken parts?
Sure it can.
I think.
According to Senku-chan's hypothesis,
it should work as long as the
surfaces aren't weathered away.
And if he's wrong about that?
The moment we pour the
revival fluid on him, splat!
Blood everywhere and a
corpse in a million pieces!
He's alive!
He came back to life!
Crap! Crap! Crap!
My deadline!
How long was I asleep?
A few thousand years.
I totally missed my deadline, then!
Here's some paper.
We already have everything
a manga artist needs.
Yes!
Do you know this dude?
Nah, he's a manga artist.
We just happened to find him.
Remember what Senku-chan promised?
That he would bring back all the world's
entertainment and fun things to show us?
This is where our exciting
scientific civilization begins.
Scientific civilization?
Entertainment?
When did that happen, and how? Damn it!
Yo-kun-sama was only gone for a little bit!
I'm so jealous!
Yo! 'Sup!
I fell down a waterfall, and I just
recovered from amnesia yesterday.
I'll help out, too.
Yo!
This guy's bad news.
He might be the one who let Homura go.
What?!
But hey, if he's willing to help,
he's more than welcome.
We need more people, and we have
a ton of statue puzzles to put together.
Sweet!
Does that clear me of my crimes?
Crimes?
You just confessed.
How many pieces are we putting together?
Just leave it to m—
Don't tell me you actually intend
to put all of these back together?
Every single one?
All of them.
Every single one.
Just asking!
Straight from there, just past the lake.
And then...
You can't speak, Tsuka-san.
You need to get some rest.
I have to tell you this before the end.
It's finished.
Now that the Kingdom of Science has won,
the statues that I destroyed
will have died for nothing.
Don't worry, Tsukasa!
No one's better than I am at
time-consuming grunt work!
If you just tell me where all the broken
statues are, I'll gather every last piece!
Tsukasa, do you actually remember every
single statue that you've busted?
Of course.
I haven't forgotten them even once.
Really?
We won? We really won?
Everyone's safe?
No one has died or anything?
I'm so glad.
Yeah, not anyone from the village.
No, no one has died!
We promised a bloodless siege.
Senku won't let him die!
What are you making next, Senku-chan?
We have a ton of modern humans now.
Some of them might even
recognize what I'm doing.
Vinegar
Chlorine
Sulfur
Chloroacetic acid
Sodium chloroacetate
Sodium hydroxide
Vinegar plus chlorine with a dash
of sulfur gives us chloroacetate.
Cyanoacetate
Throw in some sodium hydroxide,
and we get sodium chloroacetate.
Sodium cyanide
Alcohol
Formaldehyde
Get it to react with cyanide made from blood
and iron, and once you get some cyanoacetate...
Blood
Iron
Ethyl cyanoacetate
No, I don't think anyone's going to get that.
Anyway, after all that, you add some
alcohol to make ethyl cyanoacetate,
then add some formaldehyde to that,
and you get superglue to seal wounds.
And that's going to save Tsukasa-chan?
We're just closing the wound to buy time.
I'm not a magician.
I can't rebuild an organ
after it's been broken.
Alone with Hyoga-sama...
Not bad.
You're still as brain-dead and soft as ever.
You won't even execute the
man who killed your leader.
You're never going to
run a kingdom like that.
You may not even have
managed to kill Tsukasa.
That's impossible.
The mediocre always count on miracles.
Miracles?
Senku doesn't have any
interest in such a thing.
He treads tirelessly down the path of science.
He's the strongest,
most patient man in the world.
There's just one way to save you.
Tsukasa, we're going to petrify you.
Sorry!
Oh, it's you, Mirai-chan.
They said I can't be here, but I got worried
about my brother, so I had to peek.
Hey! Over here, Yuzuriha!
I called you because I
need help with needles.
This is a job for a crafts club member.
When you say "needles," you don't mean...
Um...
We obviously don't have any
anesthetic or anything.
Surgery? Seriously?
Don't underestimate the
strongest high school primate.
You don't need anesthetic, do you, Tsukasa?
Of course.
Mirai-chan!
Remember, she's still six years old inside.
There's nothing to worry about, Mirai.
Senku's science is always the real deal.
If he can't do it, he'll admit he can't.
So long as that man is looking for a way
to save Tsukasa, he will find a way.
He will, no matter how narrow the chances,
and no matter how many
years or decades it takes.
It's my own body.
I know better than anyone what's going on.
The surgery is to buy time.
I'm going to die from
sepsis within a few days.
Yeah.
The only way to save you
will be to petrify you.
Petrify him to save him?!
We're going to exploit the
regenerative effects of
coming out of petrification to heal him.
Yeah, I get the reasoning.
But do you actually know how to petrify him?
Relax. What are you, an overly eager kid?
That's what we're going to find out.
But we don't know how many years it'll take.
There's a ten billion percent chance
that you'll be dead by then.
So before that happens, Tsukasa,
I'm going to kill you with my own hands.
What are you talking about?
I'm going to freeze him to death.
It's literally cold sleep.
In the meantime,
we'll find a way to petrify him.
I'm going to bring you back,
no matter what it takes.
That's the only way.
Have faith in me... and die.
Of course.
In fact, if I have to die,
I'd like it to be at your hands.
After all, Senku,
I've killed you once already.
Oh, yeah, you're totally right.
That's perfect. It'll be my revenge.
So go ahead and die.
My adorable Steam Gorilla's going to
be reborn into something awesome again!
I need the two pistons
we used for the engine.
We're taking the cell phone apart, too.
Get all that golden wire!
Seriously, primitives?
Shut up.
We're the primitives at this point.
Amazing.
What are you guys making?
Oh, a refrigerator.
A... refrig...erator?!
Well, more like a freezer.
In this stone world?
Yeah, that's how modern people react.
That's what I said at first, too.
All I can do now is laugh.
Chugga-chug go the two pumps.
Push air back and forth through
the part with the gold wire,
and the heat transfers away... freezing you!
I'm not entirely sure how
that works, but damn!
Are freezers really that simple?
Modern ones are a little more complicated.
I do know that things don't
spoil when they're frozen.
Yeah, we might end up with a ten billion percent
flawless way to preserve food along the way.
Petrify beam!
A drip of revival fluid, and we can
have all the fresh sashimi we want.
Even better, the regeneration effect
will get rid of the germs, too.
Does that mean we can
use that on boars, too?!
He's going to use the disaster that
ended humanity as a convenient tool.
Oh, damn! It's a new science!
Petrification's awesome!
We can make it through poor catches, too.
If we can't sustain seven billion people,
all seven billion of us will look for a
way to sustain all seven billion people.
That's the way science does things.
Throw a freeze dryer in the mix,
and it's unstoppable.
That'll go a long way to
solving the food problem, too!
Yeah!
We built a refrigerator!
Refrigerator
acquired!!
Go on, get!
We're out of here!
Wh-Why, though?
If you had to kill your friend,
would you want an audience?
Those two are both leaders.
It'll be difficult for them
to talk with others around.
Cold sleep, huh?
I've only heard of it existing
in science fiction spaceships.
Spaceships...
The Soyuz fits three people.
Who would you take with you on a space
cruise if you had to choose from among us?
Let's see...
Are you asking me to make
a list of capable people?
Huh? What are you talking about?
I'm just asking.
Why would you want to make
such idle chatter in the end?
Can't we just chat idly?
Yeah... Taiju and...
You might not be physically fit enough
for exploring the planets, Senku.
If I had to take someone, it might be Chrome.
Yeah, I wouldn't need me there, either.
You know that chick with
the shells on her head?
What about her?
She's a journalist.
She's a critical source of information
for choosing who to revive.
I figured she was your type,
that the strongest high school primate would
have a thing for Marilyn Monroe types.
I haven't considered appearances
in who I chose to revive.
You're so stuck-up.
By the way, Tsukasa, don't tell
me you came up with the name
"the strongest high school primate" by yourself.
I never thought of myself that way.
The actual strongest primate would have
to be the mega-macho mountain gorillas.
They were formidable indeed.
Huh?
I've fought one before, for a TV show.
What are you, a beast hunter?
You fought a lion, too, remember?
That thing tasted like shit,
simmered or grilled.
You, Taiju, and I all had contorted faces.
It was like we lost a dare.
We only survived thanks to Taiju's idea of
shoving it down with a ton of mushrooms.
That takes me back.
Those several days I spent
with you two were truly fun...
Senku.
Come to think of it,
that poison mushroom Taiju ate...
It's called amanita muscaria.
You hallucinate if you eat a lot of them.
Also, it looks just like the thing
Super Mario eats to grow huge.
But he doesn't get any stronger.
You know why?
It's because Mario only thinks he's huge,
because he ate the mushroom.
He's tripping balls. Ten billion percent tripping.
Right?
Am I right?
Right, Tsukasa?
You protected me, Nii-san.
For years and years.
So I'll protect you this time. Forever.
I'll watch over you every day.
I'll make sure nothing breaks.
Well, let's get ready to set out.
We're starting immediately.
We're all together?
Tsukasa never called for such a thing.
Look at all these people.
I've never seen so many!
Okay, everyone, listen up!
So about that mysterious-as-hell
petrification beam
that rained down on all of
humanity 3,700 years ago...
What was that, anyway?
I was in the middle of pissing
in public when I froze, dude.
Weren't you a cop?
If it was some kind of attack,
humanity won't survive a second time.
That's why we're going to figure out
the nature of petrification first,
using science.
The information Byakuya
and the others left us
over thousands of years is
worth its weight in gold.
We're headed to the origin of the light.
The other side of the planet!
The other side of the planet?!
How do we get there?
It'll be simple.
Even the Neanderthals made it
all the way across Eurasia.
Yeah, that took tens of thousands of years.
And they probably had
ridiculously powerful legs.
Then we're going to get there
with our heads and hearts!
All the way to the other side of the planet!
We can't just walk there, though, can we?
Of course not.
We have to cross the ocean.
That's right, we're all working
together to build a ship!
We're heading out into the
world to solve all its mysteries!
It's the start of the stone
world's age of discovery!
Holy shit!
I'm going to help, too!
We can handle building some boats.
Ishigami Village lives with the sea.
I finally get to travel overseas!
That's your take?
You're right, though.
We're going on an adventure
across the world by ship.
Everyone's going to love this.
For real.
He seriously plans to
travel across the world.
The Kingdom of Science is never not serious.
It's been two and a half years since
I woke up in this rock-filled world.
It's been hard work.
We're finally proceeding along
the road map for humanity's future.
Yeah.
We're only getting started.
We're finally going to get our hands
on the truth behind the petrification.
Let's paint over fantasy with human science.
This is exhilarating!
This is a work of fiction, but the plants,
animals, and production methods described are based on reality.
Foraging and making things on your own accord is extremely dangerous
and, in some cases, illegal. Please do not imitate without expertise.